PR for SRVKE-1520: Document "Configuring TLS encryption in Eventing" section in serverless docs (#81211)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-tls-creating-selfsigned-cluster-issuer-eventing.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /serverless/Eventing/serverless-config-tls-encryption-eventing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-tls-creating-selfsigned-cluster-issuer-eventing_{context}"]
= Creating a SelfSigned ClusterIssuer resource for Eventing

> `ClusterIssuers` are Kubernetes resources that represent certificate authorities (CAs) that can generate signed certificates by honoring certificate signing requests. All cert-manager certificates require a referenced issuer in a ready condition to attempt to honor the request. For more details, see link:cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/issuer/[Issuer].

Reviewer: Link does not work.

Author: Fixed it!

[IMPORTANT]
====

> For the simplicity, we will use a `SelfSigned` issuer as the root certificate. For more details about `SelfSigned` issuer implications and limitations, see link: https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/selfsigned/[SelfSigned issuers]. If you are using a custom public key infrastructure (PKI), you must configure it so its privately signed CA certificates are recognized across the cluster. For more details about cert-manager, see link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/ca/[certificate authorities (CAs)]. You can use any other issuer that is usable for cluster-local services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the simplicity, we will use a `SelfSigned` issuer as the root certificate authority. For more details about `SelfSigned` issuer implications and limitations, see link: https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/selfsigned/[SelfSigned issuers]. If you are using a custom public key infrastructure (PKI), you must configure it so its privately signed CA certificates are recognized across the cluster. For more details about cert-manager, see link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/ca/[certificate authorities (CAs)]. You can use any other issuer that is usable for cluster-local services.
```

Reviewer 2: ^^^ Technically, the issuer is not the "certificate" itself but a certificate authority that issues the certificate.

Author: Okay! Noted!

> For simplicity, this procedure uses a `SelfSigned` issuer as the root certificate authority. For more details about `SelfSigned` issuer implications and limitations, see link: https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/selfsigned/[SelfSigned issuers]. If you are using a custom public key infrastructure (PKI), you must configure it so its privately signed CA certificates are recognized across the cluster. For more details about cert-manager, see link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/ca/[certificate authorities (CAs)]. You can use any other issuer that is usable for cluster-local services.

Reviewer: Space between link and actual link needs removed:

```suggestion
For simplicity, this procedure uses a `SelfSigned` issuer as the root certificate authority. For more details about `SelfSigned` issuer implications and limitations, see link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/selfsigned/[SelfSigned issuers]. If you are using a custom public key infrastructure (PKI), you must configure it so its privately signed CA certificates are recognized across the cluster. For more details about cert-manager, see link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/ca/[certificate authorities (CAs)]. You can use any other issuer that is usable for cluster-local services.
```

====

.Prerequisites

* You have cluster administrator permissions on {ocp-product-title}, or you have cluster or dedicated administrator permissions on {rosa-product-title} or {dedicated-product-title}.
* You have installed the {ServerlessOperatorName}.
* You have installed the {cert-manager-operator}.
* You have installed the OpenShift (`oc`) CLI.

.Procedure

. Create a `SelfSigned` `ClusterIssuer` resource as follows:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: ClusterIssuer
metadata:
  name: knative-eventing-selfsigned-issuer
spec:
  selfSigned: {}
----

. Apply the `ClusterIssuer` resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>
----

. Create a root certificate using the `SelfSigned` `ClusterIssuer` resource as follows:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1
kind: Certificate
metadata:
  name: knative-eventing-selfsigned-ca
  namespace: cert-manager <1>
spec:
  secretName: knative-eventing-ca <2>
  isCA: true
  commonName: selfsigned-ca
  privateKey:
    algorithm: ECDSA
    size: 256
  issuerRef:
    name: knative-eventing-selfsigned-issuer
    kind: ClusterIssuer
    group: cert-manager.io
----

> <1> It is a {cert-manager-operator} used by default. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Specify the {cert-manager-operator} that is used by default. 
```

> <2> It is a secret name later used for the `ClusterIssuer` for Eventing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> It is a secret where the certificate will be stored. The name is later used by the `ClusterIssuer` for Eventing.
```

Reviewer 2: I just want to make clear that here we specify where to store the certificate. The user will not have to wonder where that comes from.

Author: Fixed!

> <2> It is a secret where the certificate will be stored. The name is later used by the `ClusterIssuer` for Eventing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<2> Specify the secret where the certificate is stored. The name is later used by the `ClusterIssuer` for Eventing.
```
